**Performance Check #2:**

For this Checkpoint the robot needed to: start moving upon the start light turning on, go up the ramp, go to the floor light, read the input, push the correct button on the kiosk, and then go back down the ramp for extra credit.

Our design met all the specifications of the performance checkpoint. Our robot successfully started when the start light came on, moved forward, went up the ramp, stopped at the floor light, read the floor light, and pushed the correct button at the kiosk. Unfortunately, the robot didn’t go back down the ramp for the extra credit points. The robot was close to going down the ramp, but the left part of the robot got stuck on the extension of the stamp. This time, our execution of the process went much smoother than Checkpoint 1.
      
Despite the successful completion of Checkpoint 2, our robot did not work completely as expected. During the completion of the course, the robot was very erratic, was zigzagging up the ramp, was turning to angles that weren’t accounted for, but the robot still somehow completed Checkpoint 2. We expected the robot to work normally, meaning that setting both the left and right motor to equal positive percents would cause the robot to move forward straight. But what happened was that the robot was erratically turning even when we set the motors to equal positive percents, which caused a lot of problems. To overcome this obstacle, we had to do a lot of testing to equalize the movement of the motors. Because we had this same problem in Checkpoint 1, we could deal with it more swiftly. Our previous solution was to insert a tiny paper wedge into the left wheel, and this worked for Checkpoint 1. For Checkpoint 2, our solution was to just replace the old wheel adapter, as it had been worn out. This allowed for a tighter fit to the left wheel, and with a few more adjustments to the code, our left and right wheels were functional enough to complete the task.
     
One strength of our robot design is that the wheels are in the front of the robot, allowing for a lot of torque and front drive that can be used to power through the incline of the ramp. Another strength of our robot is that it is cheap because it doesn’t have 4 wheels; it instead has two skids in the back. This allows us to use the saved money to purchase extra materials and items that could be used to enhance the functionality of our robot. One strength that helped us specifically for checkpoint 2 was incorporating two front bumper switches into our robot design. This allowed us to cheaply back out and turn when the robot hit a wall. Additionally, we were able to implement a function in our code that allowed us to turn the robot a specified number of degrees. This really helped us orient the robot to the ideal way that it needed to be at certain steps of the process.
     
One way the design of our robot can be improved is by changing up the orientation of the wiring on the robot. The wiring on the robot is currently very complicated and confusing. Also labelling the motor port wires would be helpful. Additionally, the Proteus is not very secure to the robot, and implementing something onto the robot that can secure the Proteus on it would be helpful before the next performance test. The issue of the wiring of the left motor that arose in Checkpoint 1 had been resolved for Checkpoint 2.

To ensure success in the future, we will implement solutions to make the robot as consistent as possible. For checkpoints 1 and 2, we had mainly rely on brute force and sheer luck in order to complete the tasks. Additionally, we will try to be more proactive in trying to detect potential issues with the functionality of the robot before the date of the Checkpoint test. Doing so would give us more time to implement solutions to problems and should allow for smoother testing and overall experience during this project.
